folks we are certainly in the dog days
of summer it is gonna be keep the change
this is one dollar you look great in
we're just super fat I called you for
pizza not a baby just my kids don't like
old people he's lethargic cuz appetite
is down Sam needs to get out there and
meet some new dogs that'll be $300 shoes
change your sister to move away from the
door she has a ridge of the chin throat
you keep until I get back from the
hospital my building has a strict no-dog
policy so how am I gonna get you up
there
but it's possible to like volunteer
[Music]
joining us today is informer la Ram the
co-hosting a morning news show the
audience loves you two together
try every spot you've snip on this wall
is the same just I wanna help you find
your dog you should be my best friend
this dog has made us a family almost
don't recognize without steam coming out
to you our landlord just salt the
building out from under us
fun easy we got the new tricks charity
events we'll come on down
[Music]
dogs open their hearts to us to love and
to be loved and I find that beautiful
[Music]
oh that's just my equipment
you